c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.exe
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.deps.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.dll
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.pdb
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.MyApp.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.MyApp.props
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.MyApp.props
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.MyApp.props
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Components\Layout\MainLayout.razor.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Components\Layout\NavMenu.razor.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\MyApp.styles.css
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\MyApp.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.dll
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MyApp.dll
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.pdb
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\USER\OneDrive\Documents\webworld\git\.NET Projects\FrontendwBlazor\MyApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MyApp.dll
